Meigu AI quantification analysis tool Hello everyone, we are Meigu Investment
Network Drive your trading decision with big data You may be quite familiar
with the investment technology company in front of the screen Look at the
financial report to calculate the profit to determine the user growth Logic,
color and style But if you use this set of logic to look at small-scale biotech
companies You probably feel that their rise and fall is irrefutable Because for
the vast majority of small-scale pharmaceuticals They suffer losses all year
round There is no product on the market at all Their most typical way of
survival is to rely on early scientific breakthroughs to get financing Raising
valuation with positive data in critical clinical nodes And their value line
often comes from the deep authorization cooperation with the giant Or it is
acquired by the overall price If you understand this set of bottom-layer
gameplay, you will understand the recent fluctuation in the market In just half
a year There are two small-scale biotech companies that almost no one pays
attention to The stock price soared by 800% and 660% respectively This is not
just a short-term game of money Behind it is actually the most profound
survival pressure of the entire pharmaceutical industry From 2025 to 2030 It is
expected that nearly 200 high-yield heavy-weight drugs will face patent expir
ation This means that major pharmaceutical giants will face a $400 billion
income gap And among the top ten pharmaceutical companies in the world Five of
them are facing severe revenue tests More than 50% of their revenue sources
will lose their core patent protection In order to fill this huge stage The
giants have to go out and buy the medicine You see, in 2025, Huirui just spent
$100 billion on Macera Won the super long-term GLP-1 diet medicine Before that,
it was a $430 billion loss to buy SIGEN Just to get the core assets of ADC In
order to keep profit, Ai Bowei also spent $10.
1 billion and $8.
7 billion in a row Forced to fill the gap between tumor and neuropathy Huarai's
smart money has long seen the anxiety of the big factory The capital market
does not need to wait until the merger agreement is finally signed As long as a
small company releases expected clinical data The funds will quickly flow into
the 2G market in advance Directly fill the space for such scarce assets In this
video, I will do two things First, break down the underlying genes of these two
giant companies See what they are doing right How can they be strongly re-eval
uated by the market?
Second, according to the same business logic We have a perfect match of the two
underlying assets And the potential for the future is likely to hit a company
with more than ten times the growth rate If you don't want to be in the news
all the time Others have turned around and stepped back If you want to ambush
this extremely deterministic industry boom in advance You must not miss any of
the following content As usual, like and subscribe, let's get to work Let's
start with the first anti-cancer new drug R&D company Ereska This company has
grown from $2 to $16.
4 since November last year 800% increase Why?
Because he made a perfect combination On three levels, it has formed a very
strong positive resonance The first move is to break through the absolute
barrier to overcome incurable drugs Ereska's core assets directly aimed at the
tumor A hardhead that has not been solved for decades Ereska gene mutation This
mutation is very common in fatal cancers such as fibromyalgia and lung cancer
The patient's technology is great, but because the technical difficulty is too
high In the past, he has been sentenced to death by the medical world Become an
incurable drug However, at the Morgan-Darton Medical Conference in January this
year Ereska threw out the early data of the core asset ERAS0015 Directly ign
ited the whole factory The market sharply captured two golden signals First, as
low as possible, you can see a clear effect Second, the safety is extremely
high at the same time There is no serious side effect In the circle of
innovative drugs The combination of low dosage and safety is equal to two words
Worth money This means that he is not only a strong drug dealer In the future,
it can also be used in conjunction with other drugs Imagine a huge space You
instantly understand that this is not an ordinary experimental project But an
asset that is expected to become a super heavy bomb The second move, the
accurate financing of the textbook Completely eliminate the fear of dilution
Friends who have bought biotech stocks must have shadows The most afraid of
this block is not that there is no story But the stock price just rose The
company immediately threw out a fixed investment The old shareholder's rights
were completely lost But ERAS, this operation is called the textbook level He
accurately stepped on the data The gold window period of the stock price
Quickly complete a super approval with a price of $10 per share A total of $2.
59 billion Where is Gaoming He used the high stock price to use the least equity
loss In exchange for the most cash This money is enough for the R&D to protect
the stock price all the way To the second half of 2028 It's like eating a heart
pill directly to the market We won't be short of money in the next two or three
years The third move Make yourself a perfect prey After determining the value
and funds ERAS quickly completed the last piece of the puzzle Decisive shot Re
covered the global exclusive commercialization rights of core assets And confirm
the patent protection period extended to 2043 This move is called Gaoming In
the biotech circle The most taboo is that the property rights are not clear And
ERAS, through this tough recovery Turn yourself into a set of 100% property
rights Luxurious decoration and the top gold shop with a bag For the giant who
is eager to make up for the lack of income This can be directly cashed And the
cash cow that has been in the market monopoly for nearly 20 years Is the
perfect price tag Let's move on to the second company Tons, T-E-R-N A biotech
company that focuses on tumor and obesity Starting from $7 in October last year
The country has soared to $53 today Accumulated increase of up to 660% If the E
RAS I just mentioned Is teaching you how to build a gold shop Then T-E-R-N is
basically the same set of scripts It's just that the action is more cruel and
the landing is faster First, focus on data first How did many small-scale biote
ch companies kill themselves Is that the core assets are too scattered and want
everything In the end, crazy money T-E-R-N was also squeezed into the fast-
paced diet But in the early practice Discovered the safety of liver and eyebrow
height Management directly cut off the entire metabolism line 100% of all
resources Concentrated on the most potent leukemia T-E-R-N-701 It turns out
that this kind of short-term survival In exchange for the data of extreme power
At the U.
S.
Blood Blood Association Annual Meeting in December 2025 T-E-R-N threw out a
bomb report Among leukemia patients who are extremely difficult to cure T-E-R-N
-701 has a key response rate of up to 64% In the core mass group, it is directly
soaring to 75% And there is almost no serious side effect This directly announ
ces to the market We are the best in this field Second, the same is to take
advantage of the high position to merge the money With the increase in
valuation brought by the data T-E-R-N will soon complete a large financing of
more than $7.
4 billion After the money is in place Cash on the company's account will
directly rise to $1 billion The management layer is expected to support up to
2031 Even cover the drug potential currency market Third, the same end Verify
from purchase expectation to reality When a company has a clean asset structure
Top drug data and no need to buy a house to register a cash flow It becomes the
perfect prey in the eyes of the giant This is completely consistent with the
logic of ERAS building a gold mine In the background of the lack of income
brought by the urgent need to fill the patent cliff This asset seems to be more
precious This logic was finally verified on March 25, 2026 As long as the giant
Mossad officially announced the acquisition of T-E-R-N This means that the
merger logic that the market has been suppressing In the end, it really became
a real deal What was originally just imaginary space It turned out to be true
gold and silver So you can see that it's actually very clear here These two
companies are soaring On the surface, they have their own stories But the
underlying logic is almost exactly the same That is, the data that can be
played plus the money to buy Plus clean assets equal to the giant to avoid
buying So here's the problem In the same industry logic Who is the next most
likely company to replicate this extreme hedge market?
If you think this video is helpful to you As usual, like and collect first Can
help at critical moments US hotline 626-378-3637 The first answer given by the
U.
S.
Investment Bank Is the C-GEM, which runs the tumor plus self-immunity dual-whe
el drive route If we apply C-GEM to the giant that we just saw It already has
most of the conditions Even in some places more stable than the ERAS at the
time But it's still one step away The data that really ignited Specifically,
there are three key points that support its logic First, restricted capital
discipline and clear potential for cross-border The C-GEM management layer
shows a mature capital discipline In 2025, they decisively withdrew C-LN-619
and C-LN-617, two projects that performed well This is a clear signal to the
market The company will never waste its precious cash on inferior assets At the
same time, in the strategic planning C-GEM chose a more pragmatic dual-wheel
transformation Its core point of view is the potential for cross-border
application of assets For example, the core asset C-LN-978 The company will use
the anti-cancer T-cell technology Expanded to the field of self-immunity
diseases such as laryngitis and rheumatoid arthritis This is a very smart
business strategy Because the patient technology of self-immunity diseases is
far beyond the rare tumor Once the clinical run Its corresponding commercial
space will be completely opened And in the tumor lab ZiprTalip, which cooper
ates with Taihao Has entered the new drug listing application stage It can be
said that every step of it is on the real demand Second, the abundant account
funds directly eliminate the risk of dilution The biotechnology stock we
mentioned earlier The most afraid thing is that the company will be half-way
out of money Forced to ask for money This will seriously dilute the rights of
old shareholders And one of C-GEM's greatest strengths at present Is its
extremely rich cash flow Even at the end of 2025 The company holds 4.
39 billion dollars in cash and short-term investment According to the current
development speed This batch of funds is enough to support the company's stable
operation until 2029 The third is a dense event blower Enter the solidification
period With clean assets and sufficient cash What to look at next, look at the
time table Currently, Wall Street investors, including Huaqi, have repeatedly B
ought C-GEM The average target price was given between 30 and 33 dollars
Compared with the current stock price of about 13 dollars The market has given
a relatively high expectation This expectation is not out of poverty But
because C-GEM is about to enter a dense data delivery period It is now at the
end of March 2026 We can take a look at its next key node In the second quarter
of this year, CLN-978 Will announce the first batch of core data in the self-im
munity field At the same time, CLN-049 will launch an expansion list In the
second half of this year, CLN-049 Will announce the key number of steps to make
progress At the end of this year, ZipperLinip, which has submitted NDA It is
expected to announce the key research results of Yichui Dianyin In the next few
quarters CGM has a clear time drive for almost every quarter As long as these
data can land on time and meet expectations The market will step by step
according to these basic changes To re-estimate its commercial value The US
investment network has given the second potential company Accurate seed
medicine R&D company CRDF If the first CGM relies on a lot of money and a lot
of assets File defense Then CRDF is playing a concentrated, fiery single-point
explosion It perfectly replicates the ERAS and TRN that we talked about at the
beginning That kind of desperate resistance It is trying to be in a field that
has not been truly subverted for more than 20 years Smash out the hard core
data to rewrite the global standard therapy CRDF has almost all the chips On a
core drug called On1slip The main attack is to show the transformation and
transfer of RAS to cancer This is a huge market There are about 150,000 new
patients in the United States every year Nearly half of them have this kind of突
变 But what is desperate is that in the past 20 years The clinical treatment of
this patient has hardly made any substantial breakthroughs Can only rely on
traditional chemotherapy plus being punished to resist Forced to maintain But
CRDF is very smart It's not like a lot of failed drugs To directly attack the R
AS突变 itself Instead, it changed a path through HPLK1 Directly from the physical
link of cancer cell division This kind of interlinked mechanism It successfully
avoided the most crowded RAS In January 2026 The latest published random R7
data After adding this new drug The patient's objective resolution rate
directly rose from 43.
2% to an astounding 72.
2% At the same time, the risk of disease progress has dropped by 63% More
importantly, clinical trials have shown a very clear dose-effect relationship
The more accurate the drug is, the better the effect In serious medical
investment This kind of therapeutic appearance is a layer-by-layer compression
And the bottom-level scientific, logical, and perfect data Is the strongest
signal to break the solid ceiling I'm sure you'll ask The drug is so top-notch
Why didn't the stock price take off as early as the first two?
The reason is realistic CRDF is short of money This is also its biggest
weakness at present The company's current account cash is only about 58 million
dollars To know To promote a global-scale 370 bed This money is absolutely not
enough So now it's not that the drug is ineffective But Wall Street is about to
expand Inflict extreme fear of equity Plus the uncertainty of the fluctuation
of the economic management layer But this is where CRDF's biggest expectation
is Although he has no money in his pocket now But behind him is the world's top
gold master, Huirui As early as 2021 Huirui has invested heavily in CRDF And
the cost is much higher than the current stock price This super huge long-term
inflation In itself is the strongest deterrent to its asset quality Now the
critical moment to decide the fate of CRDF has come In the first half of 2026
The company will hold a meeting with the FDA Knock on the final path of the 370
bed This is an absolute brand catalyst Once you get the FDA's green light The
logic that suppresses its valuation will turn in an instant At that time He can
either use a high price to easily finance its final short-term Or directly
trigger a full acquisition of Huirui and other giants At the end of the video I
want to give you a pot of cold water The companies we talked about earlier In
essence, they are all high-risk biotech companies Although their rise logic is
clear But at the same time it also means Once the key variables go wrong It
will fall very quickly If you really want to participate You have to face these
three cruel realities First, medical research and development is serious
science No matter how beautiful the early data is You can't guarantee that the
large-scale experiments in the later stages will be successful Once the core
data is not just one area These stocks are often not simply adjusting a few
points But the underlying investment logic is directly broken The fall is
usually a cliff Second, extremely fragile credit flow support They don't have
the same sustained business profits as mature technology giants Daily
operations are entirely dependent on external financing to exchange for
development time If the macrocapital environment is tightened Or unable to
store enough funds in the high valuation window period The cash flow will push
the management layer to carry out extremely destructive low-price inflation Ser
iously dilute the shareholder rights Third, the long-term endurance consumption
Innovation must be from phase 2 to phase 3 Then to the final FDA approval It
often takes several years In this process Even if it's just a little bit slower
in the speed of the experiment Or the data was released a few months late Will
continue to consume market confidence Causing stock prices to hit Therefore,
for such companies A more rational approach is to treat it as an event-driven
trading opportunity Must cooperate with extremely strict storage management Use
the small storage space you can afford to make high profits Don't treat it as a
long-term base warehouse that you can sleep in peace To invest heavily Okay,
today's video is over We have also investigated multiple explosive logics Even
harder than the two I mentioned today But because of time I really can't go
through them one by one here If you want to get this complete The list of
potentials that have not been fully priced by the market Welcome to add our We
Chat I will send you the research notes of this box directly At the same time,
what do you think of the two companies mentioned today?
Also welcome to leave a message in the comment area See you next time